LOW FRE (23)


"split": "train"
"idx": 12745
"premise": "The Aurora Subdivision or Aurora Sub is a railway line in Wisconsin and Illinois operated by BNSF Railway. It is part of BNSF's Chicago, Illinois, to Seattle, Washington, Northern Transcon. This segment runs about 262 mi from the St. Croix Subdivision in La Crosse, Wisconsin, to the Chicago Subdivision in Aurora, Illinois."
"hypothesis": "Aurora Sub is a an unpopular railway."
"response": "Inconclusive. The provided information does not provide any details or evidence about the popularity of the Aurora Sub railway line."

"split": "train"
"idx": 7695
"premise": "\"It's Alright, It's OK\" is a song by the band Primal Scream. It was released as a single on 7 May 2013, as the second single off of the band's tenth album, \"More Light\". The song bears resemblance to \"Movin' On Up\", the first track off of Primal Scream's critically acclaimed 1991 album, \"Screamadelica\"."
"hypothesis": "\"Movin' On Up\" is the first track off of the album \"Screamadelica\"."
"Based on the given information, we can confidently determine that the claim \"Movin' On Up\" is the first track off of the album \"Screamadelica\" is true."

"split": "train"
"idx": 11505,
"premise": "William Gurstelle (born March 29, 1956) is an American nonfiction author, magazine writer, and inventor. He is a feature columnist for \"Make\" magazine and a columnist and contributing editor at \"Popular Science\" magazine. Previously, he was the Pyrotechnics and Ballistics Editor at \"Popular Mechanics\" magazine."
"hypothesis": "William Gurstelle  is known for all the scientists due to his contribution at \"popular science\""
"response": "Inconclusive. While William Gurstelle is a columnist and contributing editor at \"Popular Science\" magazine, it cannot be determined whether he is known for his contributions to the magazine by all scientists."}

"split": "train"
"idx": 3703
"premise": "Joy Womack is an American ballet dancer. She is the first American to graduate from the Bolshoi Ballet Academy\u2019s main training program, and the first American woman to sign a contract with the Bolshoi Ballet. She is currently a principal dancer at the Kremlin Ballet Theater in Russia."
"hypothesis": "Joy Womack speaks Russian."
"response": "Based on the given information, we can determine that Joy Womack has trained and worked extensively in Russia at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and the Kremlin Ballet Theater. However, there is no specific mention of her ability to speak Russian. Therefore, we cannot confidently determine the truth value of the claim \"Joy Womack speaks Russian.\" The answer is inconclusive."}

"split": "train"
"idx": 16922
"premise": "FenceSitter Films is a film production and television production company founded by Kyle Schickner an American film producer, writer, director, actor and a bisexual civil rights activist, devoted to creating entertainment for women, and sexual and ethnic minorities."
"hypothesis": "FenceSitter Films disapproved of gay marriage"
"response": "Inconclusive. The information provided does not give any indication of FenceSitter Films' stance on gay marriage."}
